roxide-librocksdb-sys/README.md, before:

RocksDB bindings
================

Low-level bindings to RocksDB's C API.

Based on original work by Tyler Neely
https://github.com/rust-rocksdb/rust-rocksdb
and Jeremy Fitzhardinge
https://github.com/jsgf/rocksdb-sys

# Updating to a new version

1. `cd` to the `rocksdb` submodule directory where the RocksDB sources are checked out
  1. Update the `rocksdb` submodule to the tag for whatever the new release is.  
  1. ~~In the `rocksdb` subdirectory run `make util/build_version.cc`~~
     As of 6.20 this no longer works; instead do `make -j16 static_lib` instead
  1. Run `make unity.cc`
  1. Copy `util/build_version.cc` to the `roxide-librocksdb-sys` crate root directory
1. `cd` to the `roxide-librocksdb-sys` crate root
  1. Use the contents of `rocksdb/unity.cc` to recreate the `rocksdb_lib_sources.txt` file in this directory.  The latest code
     from upstream uses one file name per line in `rocksdb_lib_sources.txt` so `unity.cc` only needs to be modified to
     remove the `#include` directives around the file names
  1. Don't forget to update the build metadata portion of the version of the crate in `Cargo.toml` to match the RocksDB
     version.  Note that this change needs to be made to all three crates in this workspace; see the root-level
     `README.md` for more details

Commit message:

Add `liburing` submodule and build steps
I thought it made more sense to compiled rocksdb against the liburing OS
package on the CI runner, but there were two problems:

- the liburing package on Ubuntu 22.04 is too old to compile the latest
  RocksDB
- The liburing docs explicitly say there's no need to try to synchronize
  the liburing version with the corresponding kernel version

That, plus the fact that the Ubuntu OS package doesn't install a static
lib so we would have produced executables with a runtime dep on the
liburing lib, made it a no-brainer to add a submodule with the latest
released `liburing` and build it from source if the `io_uring` feature
is enabled.  Since it's just a few C files it was trivial to get it
working.

roxide-librocksdb-sys/README.md, after:

RocksDB bindings
================

Low-level bindings to RocksDB's C API.

Based on original work by Tyler Neely
https://github.com/rust-rocksdb/rust-rocksdb
and Jeremy Fitzhardinge
https://github.com/jsgf/rocksdb-sys

# Updating to a new version of RocksDB

1. `cd` to the `rocksdb` submodule directory where the RocksDB sources are checked out
  1. Update the `rocksdb` submodule to the tag for whatever the new release is.  
  1. ~~In the `rocksdb` subdirectory run `make util/build_version.cc`~~
     As of 6.20 this no longer works; instead do `make -j16 static_lib` instead
  1. Run `make unity.cc`
  1. Copy `util/build_version.cc` to the `roxide-librocksdb-sys` crate root directory
1. `cd` to the `roxide-librocksdb-sys` crate root
  1. Use the contents of `rocksdb/unity.cc` to recreate the `rocksdb_lib_sources.txt` file in this directory.  The latest code
     from upstream uses one file name per line in `rocksdb_lib_sources.txt` so `unity.cc` only needs to be modified to
     remove the `#include` directives around the file names
  1. Don't forget to update the build metadata portion of the version of the crate in `Cargo.toml` to match the RocksDB
     version.  Note that this change needs to be made to all three crates in this workspace; see the root-level
     `README.md` for more details

# Updating to a new version of liburing

The `liburing` folder contains a submodule with the most recent release of liburing.  This needs to be updated from time
to time as RocksDB uses the latest and greatest features.

To do so:

1. `cd` into `liburing`
1. Go a `git pull` and then checkout whatever tag corresponds to the version you want
1. Run `./configure` to generate the config header `config-host.h`.
1. Modify the `build_io_uring` function in `build.rs` to make sure all defines from `config-host.h` are defined when
   building
